1) What are basic building blocks of Angular application?
2) What happends wehn "ng server" command is executed?
3) How Angular application is bootstraped? OR Explain Angular application bootstrapping process.
4) How to create production build? (Which utility Angular uses for building an application? => WebPack)
5) How to change port number of Angular application?
6) Explain data binding in Angular.  (Explain all types of bindings with syntax)
7) What are structural directives?  (Explain NgFor, NgIf, NgSwitch)
8) What is a pipe and its use? Explain built-in pipes of Angular.
9) How to create custom pipe? Explain usecases.
10) Explain different types of pipes. Difference between pure and impure pipe? What is a default type of pipe? How we can create impure pipe?
11) How to create custom modules?
12) Explain different types of loading strategies for module? What are the usecases where you will implement those strategies?
13) How to implement lazy loading and pre-loading strategies? 
14) How to implement routing in Angular? 
15) What is a service and advantages of service? Explain DI concept in Angular
16) Explain lifecycle hooks of Component? Difference between constructor and ngOnInit()? 
17) Explain different injector levels for service? 
18) Difference between promise and observable?
19) What is observable? (Explain it thoroughly).
20) How to read route parameters?
      3 ways = > (Hint:  this.route.paramMap  |   this.route.params    |   this.route.snapshot) . Find the drawback of snapshot.
21) How we can do the programmatic navigation in Angular?
      (Hint: Use Router service.  This service has 2 methods navigate() and navigateByUrl().  Find the difference)
      When to use programmatic 
22) Explain different preloading strategies? How you can customize preloading strategy? Explain use case?
23) Different ways of creating forms in Angular? (Explain template-driver and reactive forms)
24) When to use template-driven forms and Reactive forms? 
25) Validations => Cross field validation, Conditional validation, Angular validation.
26) Can you create custom validator? How to create and apply it?
27) What are the different ways to pass data between routes?
28) Explain router guards and different router guards along with use cases.
29) Explain Lifecycle methods of Angular Component.